docs: playground usage (#241)
Trendyol/baklava: docs/how-to-use-playground.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Description } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import playgroundLandingPage from './images/playground-landing-page.png'

<Meta
  title="Documentation/How To Use Playground"
  parameters={{
    viewMode: 'docs',
    previewTabs: {
      canvas: {
        hidden: true,
      },
    },
  }}
/>

# How to use playground?
Playground is a demonstration area for developers. It stays under the `playground` folder in the root. It helps you to test your features & components by eliminating the need for stories.

> <bl-alert variant="warning" caption="Note">You should not commit the changes in the playground folder.</bl-alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<bl-alert variant="warning" caption="Note">playground folder is ignored from Git index except template.html file. It's not intended to make changes on template.html file unless you want to suggest something on template that you consider it will be helpful for everyone.</bl-alert>
```

And maybe we can move this alert below the next paragraph.

> You can run it with `npm run serve`, then it builds project and run the build in `watch mode` at port `8000`. You can either create a `foo.html` file and work on it or simply use `template.html`.

Reviewer: I think we should suggest starting with copying `template.html` file as `foo.html` and work on it. As `template` name comes from this intention. In this case user will not need to extra attention to not commit changes accidentally, since `playground` folder is already ignored from git, except `template.html` file.

It looks like this,

<img src={playgroundLandingPage}></img>

> Every change in your `html` file will be served immediately. However, if you change your component, you should rebuild the project by using `npm run build`.

Reviewer: > However, if you change your component, you should rebuild the project by using `npm run build`.

That's not needed in this mode. `npm run serve` already works on watch mode for whole build process.

Author: 🤔
